us secretary of state john kerry says washington will impose further sanctions on russia if it does not de-escalate tensions in east ukraine.
a survivor of the south korean ferry that capsized last week says he saw students trapped inside the vessel's cafeteria as it capsized.
weeks before the world cup, deadly clashes break out in the brazilian city of rio after the body of a young man is found, allegedly beaten by police.
us president barack obama tells japan that islands it disputes with china are covered by a bilateral defence treaty, as he begins an asian tour.
tensions emerge ahead of a meeting being held in sao paulo, brazil, to discuss changes to the way the internet is governed.
australia vows it will not abandon the hunt for missing malaysia airlines flight mh370, if the current mini-sub search is unsuccessful.
tony blair warns western leaders they must put aside their differences with russia over ukraine to focus on the threat of islamic extremism.
sherpa guides in nepal are meeting climbers at everest base camp to decide whether to continue ascents after an avalanche on friday killed 16 of their colleagues.
armed pirates raid an oil tanker sailing in the malacca straits, stealing diesel and abducting three crew members, officials in malaysia say.
a senior egyptian police officer has been killed by a bomb blast in the capital, cairo, officials say.
high food prices mean a third of uk adults are struggling to afford to eat healthily, a survey by the british heart foundation suggests.
australia approves the purchase of 58 new f-35 fighter jets worth 12.4bn australian dollars ($11.5bn; £6.8bn).
hundreds of mourners gather for the funeral of myanmar pro-democracy veteran win tin, who served 19 years in prison for his activism.
the south east asian nation of brunei postpones the introduction of tough sharia criminal punishments that were due to begin on tuesday.
legendary rock group led zeppelin make public two previously unheard recordings.
william shakespeare is the uk's greatest cultural icon, according to the results of an international survey released to mark the 450th anniversary of his birth.
the bbc meets a pro-russian family living in a rural area of ukraine, who say their support for moscow does not mean they are separatists.
microsoft's natural language expert explains how he breathed life into the firm's halo-inspired virtual assistant cortana.
service workers like waiters and bartenders can make good money working for cash tips. but when business is slow, there's little safety net. how do they fit into the us discussion about raising the minimum wage?
watch the latest news summary from bbc world news. international news updated 24 hours a day.
us president barack obama has left washington for a week-long tour of asia as part of what the white house is calling an "eastward rebalancing" of us foreign policy.
legendary rock group led zeppelin have released two previously unheard recordings ahead of the reissue of the band's first three albums in june.
former political prisoners in myanmar say they are still being "treated like criminals" and need more support from the state to reintegrate into society.
bbc news outlines the background, leadership and activities of the nigerian islamist group boko haram.
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been taught how to dj, during the latest leg of their royal tour of australia.
the mystery of a bizarre quacking sound often heard in the southern ocean has finally been solved, scientists report.
general motors asks a us court to bar some lawsuits relating to its recall over faulty ignition switches.
clothing retailer primark is to open its first us stores, beginning with a 70,000 sq-ft shop in boston.
google is refunding people who bought a fake anti-virus app through its google play store.
the founder of russian social network vkontakte says he has been fired and that his site has been taken over by allies of president putin.
us president barack obama and first lady michelle obama have written a to the friends and family of the late musician.
a television advert for center parcs is banned for "irresponsibly" encouraging parents to take holidays during term time.
a visualisation showing where sizeable asteroids have hit the earth in recent years has been released by the b612 foundation.
scientists have outlined how they managed to make the wonder material graphene using a kitchen blender.
as saudi arabia dismisses its health minister, the mers virus death toll continues to rise.
the incidence of the most serious skin cancer is now five times higher than it was in the 1970s, figures show.
sir alex ferguson is to play a key role in selecting david moyes's replacement as manchester united manager.
as more and more families send their drug and alcohol-addicted kids to therapeutic wilderness camps in the us, more and more become acquainted with the shadowy figure known as the "escort."
alan johnston has been exploring a corner of rome that always lies just a little beyond the world of catholicism.
islamist militants in mali say french hostage gilberto rodrigues leal, who was kidnapped in 2012, is dead.
the bbc's nosheen abbas reports on pakistan's first 3g and 4g auction and the boost it may give to the nation's economy.
a leading british naturalist accuses malta of failing to prevent large-scale illegal shooting of migratory birds by hunters.
brazil's national truth commission says the death of ex-president juscelino kubitschek was an accident, despite claims he was murdered.
yemen is carrying out dna tests to identify suspected militants killed in air strikes in recent days, amid reports they include al-qaeda leaders.
facebook's highest-ranked woman says women need to take action to create a more equal world.
a woman is arrested after three children are found dead at a house in south london.
violent crime is continuing a long-term fall in england and wales, according to annual figures from nhs hospitals.
a teenage blogger with terminal cancer is close to raising £1m for charity after posting his final message to followers.
the uk government borrowed £107.7bn in the financial year to april 2014, lower than the amount it borrowed the previous year.
divers search south korea ferry
news photos from past 24 hours: 22 april
huge murals in dumfries and galloway
memorials nobel laureate gabriel garcia marquez
christians mark easter sunday
news photos from past 24 hours: 21 april
news photographs from around the world
news photos from past 24 hours: 16 april
why st george is a hero on the west bank
meet the brazilian pensioners who live for the big wave
gangsters cross border to fight for nigerian islamists
key points at stake with the world's biggest free trade deal
can voting bring respect to india's transgender people?
how zimbabwe's leader changed once in power
keeping the trains on time in a little corner of pakistan
felicia day writes her own hollywood rules
how south africa is learning to live with mixed-race couples
are investors calling time on tech stocks?
obama's asia tour is all about china, says carrie gracie
