when a team of indian surgeons opened up the stomach of a patient complaining of abdominal pain, they had no idea they'd extract a fortune.
a 16-year-old boy traveled from san jose, california, to maui, hawaii, in the landing gear wheel well of a boeing 767, hawaiian airlines said sunday.
manchester united finally lost patience with manager david moyes tuesday after a disastrous first season in charge of the english premier league champions.
discovery channel has canceled its planned live coverage of the may 11 jump off mount everest by a california daredevil in his wingsuit, the u.s. cable network announced.
an operation targeting al qaeda in the arabian peninsula is under way in abyan and shabwa, yemen, a high-level yemeni government official who is being briefed on the strikes told cnn on monday.
at long last, this earth day we celebrate the true dawn of the solar age. that sunrise is hastened, here and abroad, by the slow demise of the once-touted "too-cheap-to-meter" atomic age of nuclear power.
meet the woman trying to save the world's largest primates.
the u.s. is targeting yemen militants with drones -- but will the tactic backfire?
like mitt romney and john mccain, hillary clinton will (probably) run for president in 2016 as a grandparent. this seemingly unremarkable fact has triggered a spasm of media self-analysis: is clinton the victim of a sexist double standard?
has russia has finessed west with geneva declaration?
the latest news all but eliminates hopes of finding survivors on the ferry, which went down off the coast of jindo, south korea, last week.
the number of crew members charged is rising, and so is the anger that families feel.
cnn's will ripley reports a student on the south korean ferry made a distress call three minutes before the crew.
when the hms birkenhead, a british ship carrying troops, began to sink off the coast of south africa in 1852, the captain and military officers on board famously allowed women and children to board the lifeboats first.
i've watched with a mix of solemnity and growing anger the press reports of the gathered family members and officials attending to their respective duties in jindo, south korea. last week a ferry filled with high school students and teachers sank in the frigid waters off the southwest coast there; at this writing, nearly 90 people are confirmed dead and more than 200 are still missing.
a review of the south korean ferry's audio communications show how a string of problems contributed to the tragedy.
an "object of interest" in the search for missing malaysian airlines plane has been recovered on the coast of western australia, several hours drive south of perth, an official told cnn.
australian officials are hammering out a new agreement put forward by the malaysian government that will set out critical guidelines in the search for the missing malaysia airlines plane.
a month and a half ago -- 46 days -- malaysia airlines flight 370 vanished over the southern indian ocean.
an egyptian military official died wednesday when a bomb attached to his car exploded, state-run egynews reported.
dna tests are being conducted on those killed in a massive anti-terror operation in yemen to determine if a high-profile al qaeda bomb maker, ibrahim al-asiri, is among the dead, yemeni officials said tuesday.
south sudanese rebels seized a strategic oil town last week, separating terrified residents by ethnicity before killing hundreds, the united nations said.
a total of 142 deaths have been reported from the ebola outbreak in guinea and liberia, the world health organization said.
a 15-year-old boy who survived a flight from california to hawaii by hitching a ride in the plane's wheel well said he was trying to get to somalia to see his mother, a law enforcement official told cnn on tuesday.
protesters burned barricades and police blocked streets as clashes flared in rio de janeiro's beachside neighborhood of copacabana on tuesday night.
south sudanese rebels seized a strategic oil town last week, separating terrified residents by ethnicity before killing hundreds, the united nations said.
whether or not netflix orders more episodes of "arrested development," the streaming service will remain in business with the show's creator, mitch hurwitz.
a lawsuit filed by academy award winning screenwriter and celebrated director quentin tarantino against the gawker website for linking to a script for a future movie project was dismissed tuesday by a federal judge.
the new york city police department on tuesday asked folks on twitter to post photos with its officers, using the hashtag #mynypd. the campaign backfired.
a former cast member of "ice road truckers: deadliest roads" allegedly kidnapped a prostitute in las vegas, a police report said.
jose mourinho's chelsea exerted a tactical stranglehold on hosts atletico madrid to earn a goalless draw in the first leg of their champions league semifinal tuesday.
u.s. vice president joe biden visits kiev and offers ukraine support, stressing his country won't recognize russia's annexation of crimea.
family members identify one of two bodies found in a river as that of a ukrainian official. cnn's arwa damon reports.
do these photos of gun-toting men wearing green uniforms prove that russian forces are operating in eastern ukraine?
vice president joe biden met with ukrainian leaders to express support from the u.s. government. fred pleitgen reports.

blood moon madness has earthlings snapping selfies. cnn's jeanne moos reports that's amore.
meet a young girl who walks for nearly two hours a day to fetch water for her family while still making time for school.
astrophotographer vasilis metallinos and composer john miliadis produce a film showcasing the greek island's night scape
nick glass meets the inventor of roomba, which vacuums your home effectively and completely automatically.
wingsuit base jumper ellen brennan has mastered one of the most dangerous sports in the world.
three years of conflict have left parts of syria in ruins, cnn looks at the impact on the country's historical sites and arts.
doll with "real" proportions gets crowd-funded in 24 hours. wtae's wendy bell reports.
alleged pedophile taught in europe, asia and the mideast.
if the duchess wears it, then your fashion career is sorted.
the duke and duchess of cambridge visit iconic ayers rock, echoing the visit of william's parents over 30 years ago.
chinese mobile and tech firms are leading an innovation revolution.
a massive iceberg with an area almost twice the size of atlanta is moving into the ocean off antarctica and could threaten shipping during the antarctic winter, scientists say.
at long last, this earth day we celebrate the true dawn of the solar age. that sunrise is hastened, here and abroad, by the slow demise of the once-touted "too-cheap-to-meter" atomic age of nuclear power.
april 23 is, according to some reports, william shakespeare's birthday.
it's not every day you get to see one of the world's most reviled dictators looking this cute.
the young crew member who died handing out life jackets.
more are going abroad for medical care. find the best destinations.
conde nast traveler's annual list of best debut hotels comes out. there are some surprises.
fireworks are fantastic and human endeavor has its place, but sometimes mother nature outshines any performance we can produce.
you'll flip head over heels for this summer's bumper crop of new roller coasters.
former u.s. ambasador stephen bosworth speaks with paula newton about north korea's nuclear program.
golfer attacked by hornets, flying gymnasts and a squirrel on the infield -- experience the sporting week in pictures.
see what life is like for superyacht stewardesses-in-training.
sleek, sexy supercars rub shoulders with eco-friendly rides at china's biggest auto show.
try telling buken makokha there aren't enough hours in the day.
aged 15, paul wallace began filming the supercars of london -- and has now made a youtube business of it.
love eating? money? appreciate efficient population density? hk might be the city for you.
poor corner of nigeria is no stranger to such brazen acts.
oprah, if you're reading this, for goodness sake return this woman's calls. ask your assistants if there's a box of yellowing fax messages lying around somewhere in harpo studios -- she sent you one daily for a while.
india has an unlikely new public health hero.
russia today says officials have not yet identified this mysterious object seen in the sky over murmansk, russia.
among the hotly contested disputes between russia and ukraine is a recipe: chicken kiev. christiane amanpour reports.
pizza, pasta, verdi, the coliseum, runway models.
explorers may soon be able to capture 3-d experiences or wear a universal translator.
will climbs on the world's highest peak still go ahead?
as the popularity of online content streaming intensifies, more and more money is to be made through binge watching.
cnn's nic robertson talks with the wife of a missing flight 370 crew member about her emotional wait for news.
authorities have a mammoth security task ahead on monday.
the largest collection of john lennon's whimsical sketches and manuscripts are up for auction. cnn's nick glass reports.
during zoo visit, prince meets bilby that shares his name.
if you ever find yourself in hunan, china, rent a car and drive the jishou-chadong expressway: 18 tunnels under the wuling mountains that culminate at the aizhai bridge, a gut-churning 1,150-foot-high suspension bridge over the dehang canyon. it's a man-made wonder, the world's highest (and maybe even scariest) tunnel-to-tunnel bridge -- and yet it ranks only 15th among the world's longest suspension bridges.
when it's finished, the kingdom tower will stand 3,280 feet tall.
prince george takes a special interest in an australian animal on a zoo trip.
technology -- from wearable tech to holograms -- is set to change the face of the travel industry.
mastodons are long extinct, but apparently it wasn't tooth decay that did them in.
both tourists and their native nepali guides have danger on their minds.
mount everest has had it's most deadly ever accident. but the summit would be forever out of reach without sherpas.
last week islamist militants kidnapped 230 girls in nigeria. daniel ayuba relives his own nightmare when an attack shattered his leg and left 80% of his body covered in shrapnel.
how do experts piece together what happened to crashed planes?
"to know somebody is dead, you need to see the body," father says.

as ukraine releases images of men said to be russian special forces, cnn's arwa damon looks at other evidence.
inflatable powerboats zipped across the sea off the south korean coast tuesday, ferrying divers to the area where the ferry sewol sank last week with hundreds of people on board.
manchester united finally lost patience with manager david moyes tuesday after a disastrous first season in charge of the english premier league champions.
north korea has stepped up activity at its main nuclear test site, possibly preparing to carry out a fourth underground blast, south korea said tuesday.
if a teen carrying nothing but a comb can do it, who else could breach airport security and hop on board the bottom of a plane?
when you think of gifs, those never-ending sequences of looping motion, you're more likely to associate them with lightly humorous viral content than a respectable art form.
this year around 300,000 visitors are expected to attend the milan's salone del mobile, the world's largest and most important furniture fair.
from the british museum to the louvre, the world's leading museums house treasured artifacts and storied works of art. they may protect centuries of culture, but they don't want to be perceived as dusty relics themselves.
in recent days the good and the great of the watch and jewelry industry have descended on basel, switzerland for baselworld 2014—the biggest and most ballyhooed event on the industry calendar. running until april 3, the fair is expected to attract more than 150,000 visitors, who will ogle at the latest gadgets and admire glittering new designs.
shigeru ban, the 57-year-old winner of this year's pritzker prize -- arguably the world's most prestigious architecture award -- is the rumpelstiltskin of building design.
it's perhaps the most iconic scene in the most iconic hong kong movie of all time.
from a giant ice cube to a building shaped like a coin, it seems architects are increasingly drawn to buildings you can see straight through.
every spring halloween meets haute couture at the carnival of venice.
the word "motorcycle" often conjures up images of tattooed men wearing black leather jackets. not so in marrakech. the city's thriving bike culture includes plenty of women. with their polka dot veils and heart-shaped sunglasses, they're steering motorcycle fashion in their own direction.
on a breezy spring day in 1835, a 13-year-old boy from the jura region of eastern france set out for the glittering metropolis of paris to seek his fortune.
known as "sapeurs," these dapper dressers are part of a congolese subculture devoted to the cult of style.
myleene klass talks with fashion designer karl lagerfeld about his latest fashion style.
a two-legged chihuahua and a fluffy chicken have become best friends.
they're not always the most popular or conventional hotels. and that's exactly what lonely planet's going for with its inaugural picks for the world's best accommodations.
stargazers glimpsed a rare treat as a "blood moon" crossed the earth's shadow tuesday.
kenji croman has broken bones, dislocated his shoulder and elbow, endured concussions and nearly drowned several times.
when i first arrived in rwanda's capital in 2012, i deliberately did not visit the kigali genocide memorial. i wasn't sure what to expect, but i did not want that experience to influence how i approached the country and its people.
when ashley blackmon sat down for her job interview for a marketing position in new york city, she didn't start off by talking about the business classes she had taken in college or her experience working at a financial services company.
it was 2 a.m. on sunday april 18, 1989 when the phone rang, jolting me out of bed. i recognized the distinctive voice of the caller jiang liren, a student at peking university, also known in chinese as beida.
with over 700 million active smartphone users, china's mobile market is insane in scale. but sheer numbers aside, what makes it really impressive?
how can you not love hong kong?
despite the chinese leadership's austerity measures and recent reports of weak profits from chinese car makers, the country's biggest car show opened today to much buzz.
twenty-five years ago, chinese college students in beijing, shanghai, and xi'an began gathering to publicly mourn the death of a purged high-level official, hu yaobang.
in your lifetime, you will send thousands, maybe millions of online messages.
