the victims are nepalese guides, officials said.
authorities had charged him after "stealing" 89-cent drink.
kansas city police said today they have taken into custody the suspect in the recent highway shooting.
capt's evacuation order came half-hour after skorean official's order, according to transcript
coast guard says divers pumping air into submerged south korean ferry; scores still missing
the fda warns common surgical technique could lead to dangerous spread of cancer cells.
sub scouring ocean for malaysian jet as analysis of data from previous trips turns up nothing
a short but well-lived life: family remembers police officer killed days after boston bombings
bill clinton jokes with kevin spacey at rain forest benefit concert; sting, paul simon perform
president obama on thursday said the u.s. and its allies “have to be prepared – potentially – to respond,” to continued efforts by russia to interfere in southern ukraine.
a group of men who were allegedly prolific posters on the white supremacist website, stormfront, were responsible for killing almost 100 people over the past five years, according to a report released today by the southern poverty law center.
'somebody has died tonight': town recalls deadly plant explosion that killed 15 in texas town
a new image shows the bullet-riddled anti-american rant allegedly scrawled by suspected boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev on the inside wall of a boat as he hid from a police manhunt last year.
hundreds of navy and coast guard divers are battling murky conditions in the waters off of south korea today, searching for survivors of a shipwrecked ferry that sank wednesday with hundreds of people trapped inside.
an additional million people have signed up in just two weeks.
moscow–professional gun handling, well-trained maneuvers, and military-spec arms are among the reasons nato’s top commander says the uprisings in eastern ukraine are clearly “being carried out at the direction of russia.” in a blog post entitled “who are the men behind the masks?” the supreme...
data includes card numbers and expiration dates.
a man’s life was spared at the last second after the mother of a man he murdered halted his public execution.
father: daughter called me, sons called 911 from sinking van after mom drove it into river
bryan singer's attorney calls claims of 1990s abuse "absurd."
they were finally able to go outside, seven months after surgery.
dozens of injured troops participated in the four-day "soldiers ride" bike ride.
kim kardashian through the years. inside the reality star's life and style.
are they trying to tell us something?
the "crash" actress announced her pregnancy in september.
kerry washington opens up about playing olivia pope on "scandal" while pregnant.
see your favorite stars transform into the characters you love
<a href="http://abcnews.go.com/topics/entertainment/actresses/tori-spelling.htm">tori spelling</a> is letting cameras into her home to film "true tori" on lifetime, a show documenting her husband dean mcdermott leaving home for sex rehab after an affair he had. in preview clips, mcdermott admits he cheated and "i was out of control. sex was an escape, just like drugs and alcohol," while spelling responds, "i can never give him enough sex, he's never going to be happy with just me." now, another clip was released (<a href="http://www.eonline.com/news/532587/tori-spelling-reveals-how-she-discovered-dean-mcdermott-s-affair-in-true-tori-clip-watch-now">wednesday on e! news</a>) that shows spelling telling her side and the moment she found out.
celebs and their pets.
squirrel nursed back to health after falling 75 feet from next.
vietnam backs out of asian games, cites risk to reputation if there are problems
suspect arrested in spate of kansas city-area highway shootings that wounded 3 motorists
filipino devotees re-enact last moments, crucifixion of christ in bloody good friday rites
steen gets winner at 26 seconds of third ot, blues knock off blackhawks 4-3
gabriel garcia marquez and other celebrities who recently passed away.
find this week's top photos from around the globe in abc news' this week in pictures slideshow
the life and times of kate middleton
stars heat up the beach and pool in their barely-there swimwear.
daring red carpet dresses
