the 73-year-old man in custody in the shooting at a jewish community center and retirement community in overland park, kansas, that left three people dead is reportedly the former grand dragon of the carolina knights of the ku klux klan.
black boxes that record the crucial last moment before a crash are found in many vessels such as trains, cars and even cruise ships.
hummingbirds arrived in south america 22 million years ago, but how?
a woman has been arrested on six counts of murder after authorities found the bodies of seven infants packed into separate cardboard boxes at a home in utah, police said.
ukraine government to deploy troops to try to quash pro-russian insurgency in east
'the hunger games: catching fire' top winner at mtv movie awards
kentucky senator says only other option is to be ready for war.
chief prosecutor in oscar pistorius murder trial makes mark with dogged cross-examination
ntsb: no crash-scene evidence found that truck was on fire before deadly california bus crash
freedom summit offers glimpse of conservatives' mood.
official says a sub will be deployed for first time to search for malaysia jet wreckage
gov. deval patrick says there's been "very thorough" planning to protect race.
outgoing health chief says predictions website would be ready were 'just flat out wrong'
with partial results, afghan presidential vote looks like tight race between abdullah, ghani
solomon islands hit by 2 strong quakes; tsunami warnings issued, but no reports of injuries
federal court upholds ban on trainers in water with animals.
thousands forced out of their homes.
as tuesday's tax deadline approaches, chances of getting audited by the irs lowest in years
the teen met the actor outside a theater after his play.
jeff francoeur even talked about difficulties teammate faced.
now that 'how i met your mother' has concluded, there's no reason to stay in.
homes with dramatic pools for sale
beltran, nova and yankees beat red sox 3-2 with aid of disputed replay; farrell ejected
winners at the 22nd annual mtv movie awards
curry scored 47, but golden state falls 119-117 to portland in overtime.
10 things to know for monday
null
james mollison's where children sleep
the first royal visit of prince george to new zealand, australia.
poodles are groomed and dyed for creative grooming competition.
