the third officer was at the helm of the ferry that capsized off south korea, investigators say, as divers work to access the sunken hull.
president obama says it remains to be seen whether russia will honour a deal to calm tensions in ukraine, reached at multi-party talks in geneva.
the nobel prize-winning colombian author gabriel garcia marquez, author of one hundred years of solitude, dies in mexico aged 87, his family says.
dozens of civilians sheltering in a un base in the south sudan city of bor have been killed in an attack by armed youths, the un says.
six people are reported to have been killed after an early-morning avalanche on the slopes of mount everest.
a bp employee who oversaw the cleanup of the deepwater horizon oil spill in 2010 agrees to settle a charge of insider trading.
the authorities in peru say they are evacuating 4,000 people living near the ubinas volcano, in the south of the country, because of increased activity.
the tests carried out by a forensic expert for oscar pistorius' murder trial are rigorously challenged by the state prosecutor in south africa.
french troops in mali free five aid workers who were kidnapped in the north of the country by suspected islamist militants in february.
embattled toronto mayor rob ford kicks off his re-election campaign at an event his brother calls "history in the making".
iran has neutralised half of its higher-enriched uranium stockpile, in keeping with a deal agreed earlier this year, the world's nuclear watchdog says.
a radical cleric extradited from the uk "used the cover of religion" to hide his part in a global terror campaign, a prosecutor in new york says.
around the world christians are marking holy week in the run up to easter, but for syria's christians, it is also an anxious time as the country's war drags on into a fourth year.
the bbc's natalia antelava visits a camp site of the self-declared people's republic of donetsk.
a planet that is close in size to the earth and that could hold water on its surface has been identified by the kepler telescope.
watch the latest news summary from bbc world news. international news updated 24 hours a day.
the leader of the french far right-wing front national party has said that she would welcome collaboration with ukip with "open arms".
alfa romeo, the italian sports car maker, returns to the us market after 20 years. michelle fleury takes a tour of the car the firm hopes will appeal to american drivers.
guided tour of jerusalem's holiest sites in two-and-a-half minutes.
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited an area of the blue mountains in australia devastated by bush-fires six months ago.
the daughter of former us president bill clinton and former us secretary of state hillary clinton announces she is pregnant with her first child.
a vandal responsible for puncturing more than two dozen vehicle tyres in a quiet cumbrian village has been unmasked as a dog.
us banking giant goldman sachs reports a drop in net earnings while morgan stanley sees profits jump.
shares in china's largest twitter-like service, weibo, went up by almost 20% on the first day of its listing in the us, despite a disappointing start.
in an open letter to google's eric schmidt the boss of german publishing firm axel springer says it is afraid of the search giant.
a us appeals court upholds a contempt of court ruling against the secure email service provider lavabit used by whistleblower edward snowden.
three artists are shortlisted for the bp portrait award 2014, for work featuring a homeless man, a reluctant mother and a mature fashionista.
bbc news presenter george alagiah is diagnosed with bowel cancer and will take a break from broadcasting while he receives treatment.
female insects with 'penises' have been discovered in brazil - the first example of an animal with sex-reversed genitalia.
a british project to capture co2 and bury it under the north sea looks set to receive a 300m-euro boost from the eu.
researchers have developed a new type of pressure sensor - dubbed a "second skin" - which they say could prevent dangerous sores.
uk drug company glaxosmithkline is facing a criminal investigation in poland for allegedly bribing doctors, bbc panorama discovers.
jonathan trott is to take a break from cricket because of a recurrence of the anxiety issues that forced him to leave england's ashes tour.
this is the era of hyper-tech espionage, encrypted emails and mindboggling cryptography. but you can hear a very old-fashioned form of espionage on shortwave radio.
critics have blamed payments by drugs firms to us doctors for encouraging risky and wasteful prescription habits. what difference have payments made, and will forcing companies to disclose them help?
the parents of some of the girls abducted from their school in north-east nigeria head into the forests in a dangerous search for their daughters.
china jails four more activists linked to the xu zhiyong-founded new citizens' movement, which seeks government transparency.
the leader of the right-wing front national party in france says she would welcome collaboration with ukip in fighting against the eu "with open arms".
police in the state of bahia in brazil vote to end a two-day strike which prompted the deployment of federal troops to restore order on the streets.
algerians have voted in elections in which incumbent president abdelaziz bouteflika, who suffered a stroke last year, is seeking a fourth term.
president barack obama defends his signature healthcare law, saying the debate over its repeal is "over" as he touts high enrolment numbers.
david axelrod, the strategist who masterminded barack obama's presidential victories, will be a key adviser on ed miliband's 2015 general election campaign, the labour party says.
calls for more action over pay and pensions are expected this weekend when the two biggest teachers' unions meet for their annual conferences.
channel tunnel rail services are expected to return to normal on good friday morning after being hit by severe disruption.
a sacked heart specialist was unfairly dismissed after raising concerns about patient safety, an employment tribunal rules.
news photos from past 24 hours: 16 april
passenger ferry in south korea capsizes
readers' photos on the theme of "south africa"
huge fire in the chilean city of valparaiso
news photos from past 24 hours: 15 april
aftermath of a bomb blast in abuja
duke and duchess in new zealand and australia
news photos from past 24 hours: 14 april
new music for ben-hur from police drummer stewart copeland
why cannabis smokers love the number 420
what makes jerusalem so holy to three religions?
nobel prize-winning novelist gabriel garcia marquez dies
economic gold or nightmare reality?
easter island struggles to cope with tourist influx
killer's reprieve stokes campaign against executions in iran
rahul gandhi faces a tough challenge in india polls
should a woman need a man with her to smoke a hookah?
after 20 years, alfa romeo returns to the us
ex-man utd boss' wine cellar has most bottles from where?
key questions the pistorius defence needs to answer
amid talk of de-escalation, putin takes hard line on ukraine
