russia urges kiev to avoid force in eastern ukraine, as the un discusses the crisis hours before a ukrainian deadline to pro-russian militants.
teams searching for the missing malaysia airlines plane are to deploy the bluefin-21 submersible for the first time.
at least three people are shot dead at a jewish community campus and a retirement home in kansas city in the us midwest.
syria's president assad claims his government has gained the upper hand in the civil war which has raged for more than three years.
american bubba watson beats compatriot jordan spieth and sweden's jonas blixt by three shots to win the masters golf at augusta.
a large and moving forest fire kills at least 12 people in chile's port city of valparaiso and forces more than 10,000 people to evacuate.
the military in venezuela admits it committed "some excesses" during weeks of political unrest that have left 41 people dead.
the trial of abu hamza al-masri, the radical cleric extradited from the uk to the us in 2012, is due to start at a federal court in new york.
partial results released after afghanistan's presidential vote show abdullah abdullah slightly ahead in a tight race with ashraf ghani.
the authorities in mexico say 36 people have been killed after a bus crushed in veracruz state in the south-east of the country.
abdullah al-thinni was only confirmed as prime minister last week but he is stepping down after he and his family were attacked.
the remains of six men are buried in chile more than 40 years after they were killed by the military government of augusto pinochet.
a growing number of kuwaitis are overcoming the country's arid desert conditions to experience the joys of gardening.
a number of indians who bear an uncanny resemblance to political figures, past and present, are seizing the opportunity to make some money.
bbc click's jen copestake spent a week in one of the most renowned squats in barcelona, following the developers of bitcoin tools and other open source software.
watch the latest news summary from bbc world news. international news updated 24 hours a day.
a group of american expats in shanghai have come up with a novel solution for making indoor air purifiers affordable for everyone.
a music school has opened for the first time on one of the remotest islands on earth.
a young girl, badly wounded by a stray grenade in afghanistan, has finally returned home after treatment in the united states.
specialists are preparing the submarine which will be used when the general location of the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 plane in the indian ocean is identified.
a judge in ohio has ordered a man to appear in public, holding a sign that reads: "i am a bully" after being convicted of harassment.
the duke of cambridge seals victory over his wife the duchess of cambridge as the couple coach opposing rugby teams on their tour of new zealand.
a chinese consortium buys glencore xstrata's copper mine in peru in a $6bn (£3.6bn) all-cash deal, marking one of china's largest mining acquisition.
a long-awaited report on how to curb climate change says the world must rapidly move away from carbon-intensive fuels.
the us government warns of the risk of hackers trying to exploit an internet bug and suggests that users change passwords after sites are patched.
former us secretary of state condoleezza rice's appointment to the board of technology firm dropbox draws criticism from some customers.
abba's benny andersson and bjorn ulvaeus are to perform on stage later at the finale of the olivier awards, the biggest event in the uk theatre calendar.
singer jennifer lopez is honoured at an awards event celebrating the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community's presence in the media.
the competition to manufacture the next generation of europe's most important series of weather satellites is won by airbus defence and space.
a new treatment for hepatitis c cured 90% of patients with the infection in 12 weeks, say scientists after studies in europe and the us.
hundreds of millions of pounds have been wasted on tamiflu, a drug for flu that may work no better than paracetamol, a landmark analysis says.
four women have had new vaginas grown in the laboratory and implanted by doctors in the us.
rory mcilroy and ian poulter feel poor returns on augusta's par five holes cost them a shot at the masters title.
the art of storytelling in marrakech is thought to date back to the 11th century, but modern life has all but silenced it.
tension between russia and ukraine over crimea and the donetsk region has echoes of the cold war. but many germans are not keen to ruffle russian feathers.
a senator from north-east nigeria tells the bbc that 135 civilians have been killed by gunmen there since wednesday.
manny pacquiao beats timothy bradley on points to win the wbo welterweight title in las vegas.
uk drug company glaxosmithkline is facing a criminal investigation in poland for allegedly bribing doctors, bbc panorama discovers.
a huge police operation to evict hundreds of families from abandoned buildings in rio de janeiro has ended with violent clashes and some injuries.
iran insists it will not replace its new envoy to the un after the us refuses a visa to the diplomat over alleged links to the 1979 hostage crisis.
us president barack obama nominates budget director sylvia mathews burwell to succeed health secretary kathleen sebelius.
a 42-year-old man who collapsed after finishing the london marathon has died in hospital, organisers say.
the book of mormon dominates the musical categories at the 2014 olivier awards, while political drama chimerica is main winnerwith five prizes.
the government says new opening hours for gp surgeries in england will benefit seven million patients, far more than originally planned.
public services still need to learn lessons from the stafford hospital scandal on how to handle complaints, says a committee of mps.
news photos from the past 24 hours: 9 april
readers' photos on the theme of "growth"
delhi's homeless get voting power in india's election
michael d higgins visit to the uk
people cast their ballots
news photos from the past 24 hours : 8 april
the life in pictures of peaches geldof, who has died at the age of 25
pro-russia protesters seize government building
...and nine other inventions that owe their success to ww1
creating new opportunities on and off the court
fire tears through homes in chilean port city of valparaiso
can coal become the clean energy of the future?
the way drugs and prostitution boost the uk economy
the boss who makes sure his staff are as happy as possible
thousands of runners take part in london 2014
the fight for votes in india's spiritual capital
tips and tricks to get followed on twitter
the widening gap between moscow and the west over ukraine
matt mcgrath on the ipcc's latest climate change findings
