saudi prince bandar bin sultan, the man behind the kingdom's committed policy to topple syrian president bashar al-assad, has stepped down from his intelligence post, according to the country's official news agency.
a lawsuit filed wednesday accuses "x-men" director bryan singer of sexually abusing a teenage boy 15 years ago.
your phone always knows where you are. and now, if you want, your facebook friends will always know where you are, too.
what are the odds that jenny mccarthy and donnie wahlberg will give us the '90s wedding of our dreams?
a year ago on thursday, the u.s. senate failed to pass a bill that would have helped fix our nation's gun laws by requiring background checks on all purchases of firearms. ninety percent of all americans -- and more than 80% of gun owners -- believe that all people should be subject to such checks. and even though the bill won majority support in the senate -- more than 50 members -- it was not enough to break a filibuster.
michael hammond says michael bloomberg's pledge to spend $50 million on gun safety is arrogant and will fail
as the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight 370 continues, both the malaysian government and the airline have come under sharp criticism. some say that all involved parties, including the manufacturer boeing, are circling their wagons and bracing for a long public relations siege while the families of the missing passengers continue to grieve.
did murder accused oscar pistorius help or harm his defense during cross-examination?
a south korean ferry's third officer -- not the captain -- was steering the vessel when it capsized, says an official while the search for survivors presses on.
as divers raced to reach hundreds of people believed to be inside, the death toll from the ferry boat sinking in south korea rose to 28 friday.
captain could face charges for abandoning ship in south korea ferry disaster. cnn's kyung lah reports.
families of people missing inside the capsized south korean ferry are desperate for action. cnn's kyung lah reports.
cnn's tom foreman explains how air pockets might form on the sinking south korean ferry, potentially saving students.
the ferry that capsized on april 16 off the coast of south korea was headed to jeju island, the country's biggest island and one of south korea's nine provinces.
hundreds are still missing after a south korean ferry sank. brian todd looks at how some could survive in air pockets.
up to 10 people were missing friday after a high altitude avalanche on mt. everest, a climbing company executive told cnn.
two journalists in thailand have been released on bail in a controversial defamation case that has raised concerns over press freedom in the country.
gabriel garcía márquez, the influential, nobel prize-winning author of "one hundred years of solitude" and "love in the time of cholera," has died, his family and officials said.
if the search for the missing jetliner in the south indian ocean doesn't produce debris, officials may soon be forced to review the operation, malaysia's acting transport minister said thursday.
three days after heavily armed men raided a nigerian school and seized 129 girls, the fate of 8 is still unclear.
texas authorities initiated the seizure of the 1,600-acre ranch where prosecutors say polygamist sect leader warren jeffs and others sexually abused children, officials said thursday.
prosecutor gerrie nel went on the attack again thursday, trying to discredit a defense witness for oscar pistorius on the last day of testimony before the court takes a two-and-a-half week break.
americans are generally excited about the new technology they expect to see in their lifetimes. but when confronted with some advances that already appear possible -- from skies filled with drones to meat made in a lab -- they get nervous.
authorities nationwide are searching for a minnesota minister accused of 59 felony counts of criminal sexual conduct with two young girls while they were members of his church.
the trial of abu hamza al-masri, a radical islamic cleric accused of conspiring to kidnap americans in yemen and planning to establish a jihad training camp in rural oregon, began thursday in federal court in manhattan.
jose luis "cheo" feliciano, a giant of salsa music and puerto rican legend, died in a car crash early thursday morning in san juan, police said. he was 78.
roger federer is prepared to miss next month's french open to be at the birth of his new baby.
it may have cost a reported $134 million to bring gareth bale to spain, but on wednesday he scored a priceless goal as real madrid beat archrivals barcelona 2-1 to win the copa del rey.
diplomats meeting in geneva have agreed "all illegal military formations" in ukraine must be disarmed, russia's sergey lavrov says.
masked men handed out chilling fliers near a ukraine synagogue warning jews would have to register and document their property or face deportation, the local jewish community says.
cnn's reza sayah reports on a six hour meeting by top diplomats to help resolve the crisis in ukraine.
putin-ally vyacheslav nikonov says that russia would intervene in ukraine if there were "full-scale civil war."
months after accepting asylum in russia, u.s. intelligence leaker edward snowden asked russian president vladimir putin some questions about russia's own surveillance practices during putin's call-in program on state television thursday.
the ukrainian military's attempts to quell pro-russian activists has failed. cnn's phil black reports.

blood moon madness has earthlings snapping selfies. cnn's jeanne moos reports that's amore.
meet a young girl who walks for nearly two hours a day to fetch water for her family while still making time for school.
astrophotographer vasilis metallinos and composer john miliadis produce a film showcasing the greek island's night scape
nick glass meets the inventor of roomba, which vacuums your home effectively and completely automatically.
wingsuit base jumper ellen brennan has mastered one of the most dangerous sports in the world.
three years of conflict have left parts of syria in ruins, cnn looks at the impact on the country's historical sites and arts.
doll with "real" proportions gets crowd-funded in 24 hours. wtae's wendy bell reports.
erin mclaughlin takes a look at a machine similar to the ones lending a robotic hand in the search for flight mh370.
an iranian mother slaps, then forgives the murderer of her son, 17, in dramatic scenes.
prince william makes onlookers nervous high up in the blue mountains of australia. cnn's max foster reports.

saatchi gallery and google+ have teamed up to award the world's first art prize for an animated gif.
scientists are bioprinting human body parts from ears to bones. here are some the most impressive advances.
until francis, modern pontiffs only washed the feet of priests.
jorge mario bergoglio became the 266th pope on march 13, 2013. one year later, look back at the "francis effect."
when it's finished, the kingdom tower will stand 3,280 feet tall.
kathy bloomgarden is head of one of the world's largest pr firms, ruder finn. she's also the boss' daughter. so how did she step out of her father's shadow and secure some of the world's biggest brands?
by day, he fights disease. at weekends, he sheds his lab coat to terrorize opposition teams.
more countries are giving citizens the legal protection of a third gender option.
not many cities evoke as many instant associations as las vegas.
the group terrorizing nigeria says it will take its fight abroad.
who would pass up a chance to run a marathon in the world's most mysterious country?
detroit was once known as the automobile capital of the world -- a global symbol of modernity and a testament to the power of american capitalism. can the property sector help it back on the road?
the auction hammer is ready to go down on the fine wines of the legendary football manager.
grilled zebra anyone? peri-peri warthog? this is how to barbecue, south africa style.
after almost three centuries at the heart of london's busy piccadilly retail district, fortnum and mason is broadening its horizons.
two months of protests have left more than 40 people dead in venezuela. cnn's rafael romo reports.
ac/dc rhythm guitarist malcolm young is ill and is "taking a break," the band posted on its website wednesday.
answers to this and other key questions in the ongoing crisis.
expert identifies five reasons why a mom would resort to killing her own child.
google is jumping into its next futuristic hardware project -- a modular, customizable phone.
video shows what may have been the largest gathering in years.
if you want big bucks from sport then europe is the place to be.
romance is hard, for anyone. for people with intersex traits, love poses unique challenges.
as a youngster, olof mellberg dreamed of becoming a tennis pro. he never lived out that childhood fantasy, but he did achieve something millions of football fans around the world can only imagine.
the youngest woman in tennis' top 100 has the added pressure of constant comparison to her idol.
the "kill switch," a system for remotely disabling smartphones and wiping their data, will become standard in 2015, according to a pledge backed by most of the mobile world's major players.
cnn's dr. sanjay gupta visits patients infected with ebola.
pilots unveil the plane designed to fly around the world on solar.
as thousands gathered to mark the one-year anniversary of the boston marathon bombings, one sight evoked memories of the attack that spurred widespread carnage: suspicious bags near the finish line.
searches for "june 4," "tiananmen square," yield nothing in china.
paul saffo says current google glasses are doomed to become ebay collectibles, but they are only the leading edge of a surge in wearable tech that will change our lives
but at least there's some warmth between their top diplomats.
researchers find first definitive earth-sized planet in habitable zone around another star.
christine kim had to convince her daughter billy to go on the trip. now, she stands on the cold, gray harbor, wondering if she'll ever see her girl again.
why the u.s. government is bickering with extremists on social media.
cnn's barbara starr reports on a supposed meeting of scores of al qaeda leaders, which was filmed and posted on youtube.

anguished relatives of missing south korean ferry passengers waited sullenly for answers thursday as rescuers fought bad weather, murky water, darkness and time to find a way deep into the capsized ship.
prosecutor gerrie nel went on the attack again thursday, trying to discredit a defense witness for oscar pistorius on the last day of testimony before the court takes a two-and-a-half week break.
an iranian mother slaps, then forgives the murderer of her son, 17, in dramatic scenes.
prince william makes onlookers nervous high up in the blue mountains of australia. cnn's max foster reports.
the washing of feet was a radical act in jesus' time. it is no less radical in the modern era, with pope francis' decision to break with the long-standing papal tradition of washing only priests' feet, to include women and non-christians in the symbolic ceremony.
when you think of gifs, those never-ending sequences of looping motion, you're more likely to associate them with lightly humorous viral content than a respectable art form.
this year around 300,000 visitors are expected to attend the milan's salone del mobile, the world's largest and most important furniture fair.
from the british museum to the louvre, the world's leading museums house treasured artifacts and storied works of art. they may protect centuries of culture, but they don't want to be perceived as dusty relics themselves.
in recent days the good and the great of the watch and jewelry industry have descended on basel, switzerland for baselworld 2014—the biggest and most ballyhooed event on the industry calendar. running until april 3, the fair is expected to attract more than 150,000 visitors, who will ogle at the latest gadgets and admire glittering new designs.
shigeru ban, the 57-year-old winner of this year's pritzker prize -- arguably the world's most prestigious architecture award -- is the rumpelstiltskin of building design.
it's perhaps the most iconic scene in the most iconic hong kong movie of all time.
from a giant ice cube to a building shaped like a coin, it seems architects are increasingly drawn to buildings you can see straight through.
every spring halloween meets haute couture at the carnival of venice.
the word "motorcycle" often conjures up images of tattooed men wearing black leather jackets. not so in marrakech. the city's thriving bike culture includes plenty of women. with their polka dot veils and heart-shaped sunglasses, they're steering motorcycle fashion in their own direction.
on a breezy spring day in 1835, a 13-year-old boy from the jura region of eastern france set out for the glittering metropolis of paris to seek his fortune.
known as "sapeurs," these dapper dressers are part of a congolese subculture devoted to the cult of style.
myleene klass talks with fashion designer karl lagerfeld about his latest fashion style.
a two-legged chihuahua and a fluffy chicken have become best friends.
they're not always the most popular or conventional hotels. and that's exactly what lonely planet's going for with its inaugural picks for the world's best accommodations.
stargazers glimpsed a rare treat as a "blood moon" crossed the earth's shadow tuesday.
kenji croman has broken bones, dislocated his shoulder and elbow, endured concussions and nearly drowned several times.
when i first arrived in rwanda's capital in 2012, i deliberately did not visit the kigali genocide memorial. i wasn't sure what to expect, but i did not want that experience to influence how i approached the country and its people.
when ashley blackmon sat down for her job interview for a marketing position in new york city, she didn't start off by talking about the business classes she had taken in college or her experience working at a financial services company.
chinese president xi jinping's visit is more about closing business deals with european firms.
a senior bloomberg news journalist quit his role earlier this month, saying the "mishandling" by his bosses of a story critical of china was behind his departure, amid suggestions that the new york-based company is pushing a financial strategy for china that overshadows editorial autonomy.
a former mining tycoon accused of running a "mafia-style" gang to amass billions of dollars in personal wealth has gone on trial in china, facing charges including murder, state media reports.
over the past few days, the families of the 154 chinese passengers who were aboard malaysia airlines flight 370 have been oscillating between grief and visceral anger as the search for the plane carrying their loved ones continues.
the crew of a chinese plane searching for the missing malaysia airlines flight 370 has spotted "suspicious objects" in the southern indian ocean, china's official news agency xinhua reported monday.
