iraqi deputy prime minister salih al-mutlaq and another lawmaker survived an assassination attempt in baghdad on friday, security officials told cnn.
prosecutor gerrie nel accuses oscar pistorius -- on trial for the murder of his girlfriend -- of "trying to cover up for lies" in his evidence to court.
mickey rooney's wife has agreed to drop a legal claim over her husband's remains, according to rooney conservator michael augustine.
unrest and dissension rolled across egypt on friday as authorities killed two muslim brotherhood members during a gunfight and clashed with protesters in several cities.
former u.s. marine amir hekmati has been convicted in iran by a secret court of "practical collaboration with the u.s. government" and sentenced to 10 years in prison, his sister told cnn on friday.
put an ear to the water and listen carefully.
has kerry's recent track record left russia's wily leader ever more convinced of u.s. weakness?
over the last 20 years, the narrative on the african continent has shifted from afro-pessimism to afro-optimism. the truth lies somewhere in between. now is the time for afro-realism: for sound policies based on honest data, aimed at delivering results.
nigeria woke up on sunday to a brand new economy, apparently.
the u.s. ambassador to the united nations accuses russia of spreading disinformation as ukrainian security forces set out to clear pro-russian separatists in slaviansk.
cnn's nick paton walsh reports on ukraine's announcement that they are launching an anti-terrorism operation.
cnn's nick paton walsh reports that armed pro-russian activists are seizing police stations.
nato has released satellite photos that show the extent of russia's military mobilization on its border with ukraine -- including fighter jets, tanks, artillery and thousands of soldiers who are prepared to invade within 12 hours if called upon, say officials.
former foreign minister abdullah abdullah was leading the early returns of last week's presidential election in afghanistan with 41.9% of the vote, afghanistan's independent election commission chairman ahmad yousuf nuristani said sunday.
libya's newly appointed prime minister abdullah al-thinni stepped down from his post on sunday after an attack on him and his family.
a gunman opened fire at two jewish facilities near kansas city on sunday, killing three people, police said.
a car bomb went off in the restive northern iraqi city of mosul on sunday, killing nine people, while 10 others were killed in clashes there, security officials said.
keeping global warming down to a level people can live with means cutting carbon emissions to "near zero" by the end of the century, even in an increasingly industrialized world, the top u.n. experts on the issue concluded sunday.
the murder trial of oscar pistorius will soon enter its sixth week. robyn curnow reports from south africa.
a wildfire in chile consumed more than 500 homes saturday and continues to rage in highly populated areas, officials said.
a 7.6-magnitude earthquake struck sunday morning near the solomon islands, generating a tsunami warning for portions of the south pacific region, officials said.
rebel forces and syrian president bashar al-assad's government are blaming each other for the latest reported use of poisonous gas in the ongoing civil war.
pope francis makes a strong condemnation of sexual abuse by catholic clergy, pledging to impose penalties on those who harm children.
a senior iranian official said saturday that tehran is not considering a replacement for hamid aboutalebi, its choice for ambassador to the united nations, despite the united states denying him a visa, iranian state tv reported.
a fedex tractor-trailer truck was already in flames when it crossed a median and slammed into a bus carrying students in northern california, cnn affiliate kovr reported, citing two witnesses.
a recently engaged man who worked with autistic children. his fiancée, who was chaperoning the trip. an admissions counselor dedicated to helping low-income students get into college. a high school football player taking a college tour. and a 17-year-old girl looking forward to an adventure with her twin.
the 54-year-old michigan tree trimmer severely beaten after he accidentally struck a child who had stepped into the street earlier this month is breathing on his own, according to his daughter.
a slow-moving landslide the size of two football fields is steadily tearing apart a hilltop house from the inside and has prompted the evacuation of about 50 people and several businesses in the well-known skiing town of jackson, wyoming, officials said saturday.
bubba watson turned on the style to win his second u.s. masters title in three years after a final round 69 gave him a three-shot victory in the opening major of the 2014 season.
liverpool closed on a first english title since 1990 with a thrilling 3-2 win over manchester city in an emotion charged atmosphere at anfield sunday as the 25th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster was marked before kick off.
manny pacquiao scored a comprehensive 12-round points victory over timothy bradley.
with no underwater pulses detected in almost a week, australian authorities said monday they will stop listening for pings coming from the floor of the indian ocean -- and will now deploy an underwater vehicle.
after so many weary hours of searching, fatigue has yet to diminished hopes finding flight 370. matthew chance reports.
malaysia's defense minister, the man heading the hunt for missing flight 370, avoids reporters' questions.
sumnima udas takes a look at mh370 captain zaharie's social media presence for a clearer grasp of his background.
some doubt has been cast on a fifth signal detected by a sonar buoy -- so how many pings are enough to locate the missing passenger plane?
two-time world champion fernando alonso on the importance of family and his first terrifying grand prix memory.
astrophotographer vasilis metallinos and composer john miliadis produce a film showcasing the greek island's night scape
nick glass meets the inventor of roomba, which vacuums your home effectively and completely automatically.
wingsuit base jumper ellen brennan has mastered one of the most dangerous sports in the world.
three years of conflict have left parts of syria in ruins, cnn looks at the impact on the country's historical sites and arts.
doll with "real" proportions gets crowd-funded in 24 hours. wtae's wendy bell reports.

in "legography," louis vuitton-toting shoppers, a big yellow duck and other iconic hong kong scenes are recreated in toy form.
a colorful mural created by a group of artists in damascus that is hoped to offer hope in the war-ravaged nation -- has set a guinness world record.
almost every day for the past month, a crowd of curious onlookers has gathered in northern amsterdam to gawp at three curious structures that will become the world's first 3d printed house.
cnn's dr. sanjay gupta reports from conakry, guinea, to show you the places and situations in which ebola spreads.
temples so gold your eyes will water and food you'll be craving days after your first taste ...
here are your photos of the tastiest -- and most unusual -- african street food.
a total lunar eclipse is set to turn the moon burnt orange.
no longer impressed by welcome cocktails and thread count? these hotels actually make the stay special.
a blaze in valparaiso, chile has burned at least 500 homes and has forced the evacuation of 3,000 residents.
a new photo-tagging ranking reveals the most popular destinations for pictures.
want to know the real secret to being a success on wall street?
see what's inside a black box and the challenges of locating underwater pings in the search for malaysia flight 370.
you've built a cannon. now you just need a willing participant to crawl inside.
this tiny, unrecognized breakaway state still has the hammer and sickle on its flag.
a south african designer is making sure that when xhosa boys come of age, they're dressed to the nines.
the population of cambridge, new zealand, swells to twice its usual size as locals flock to catch a glimpse of visiting royalty.
five hundred years ago as the spanish and portuguese empires were carving up the western hemisphere into colonial spheres, europe's imperial competition in the indian ocean was equally intense.
cyprus, the tiny mediterranean island bailed a year ago, remains "in difficulty...but not as bad as one would have expected," its finance minister harris georgiades told cnn during an interview in the capital city nicosia.
in mexico, the price of limes is soaring, and the country's working classes are suffering.
earlier this month during holi, the indian festival of colors, more than three million twitter followers of the indian prime ministerial candidate narendra modi received a personalized greeting from him. others received celebratory recorded phone messages that concluded with an appeal to vote.
"are y'all alive?" andre 3000 probed the first-day coachella goers as he took the stage with big boi in the first of their reunion shows.
2014 is flying by, it's time for a vacation. this list may help.
days into gerrie nel's cross-examination, it's easy to see how he got his nickname.
is the 24-hour store threatening the hotel minibar? or is it the pricelist?
china's "life black box" website lets users send data after they die -- and it's growing in popularity.
inspired by the masters? playing these courses will make you feel like a pro, even if you don't swing like one.
scientists have made significant strides in being able to decode thoughts based on brain activity.
the dutch priest who made syrians' suffering his own.
ahead of the season 7 premiere, mad men's cast guesses what's in store for the ad man.
a quest to capture the perfect wave involves some pain.
kristin goss says the stabbing rampage, which caused grave injury -- but not death -- carries a lesson for policymakers. research has long shown guns result in deaths more than other weapons
how to fly with kids without making everyone else on the plane hate you? a savvy mom explains her unexpected tips
as "mad men" returns for its seventh season, many viewers will tune in to see what happens next for don, peggy, pete and the other characters of the hit amc show. many will also be eager to see the fabulous clothes they wear.
have you been pining for your very own wearable $1,500 google glass but weren't sure how you, a regular nondeveloper residing in the united states, could procure one?
try not to get dizzy watching this dangling daredevil. jeanne moos reports on stunts that may make your palms sweat.
morgan spurlock chases down kim kardashian and other celebs in his attempt to become a paparazzi. watch sunday 10pm et
these flying machines may look like toys, but they have seoul scrambling to secure its airspace.
with astronomical chinese art prices making recent headlines ($36 million for a decorated porcelain cup, anyone?) it's hard not to wonder how one can elbow into the art market for a piece of the pie.
the indian state of punjab doesn't make it to the top of many travel itineraries. here are 6 reasons why it should.
as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, general martin e. dempsey is the top-ranking officer in the united states armed forces, the most powerful fighting machine the world has ever known. the irish-american general married his high-school sweetheart, deanie. they have three children, chris, megan and caitlin. we even know the names of their sons- and daughter-in-law, as well as those of their grandchildren.
royals race america's cup yachts in new zealand, but does she get her revenge?
designers show off the classical, the beautiful and the outrageous.

why did anwar al-awlaki inspire the boston bombing and does he still influence extremists?
superstar arnie palmer takes us to augusta, where presidents are beaten and legends are made.
the royal visit to new zealand is bringing out huge crowds. cnn's max foster reports.
here are your photos of the tastiest -- and most unusual -- african street food.
hotels are looking towards the airbnb crowd, luring them in with instagram walls and wi-fi.
over the last 20 years, the narrative on the african continent has shifted from afro-pessimism to afro-optimism. the truth lies somewhere in between. now is the time for afro-realism: for sound policies based on honest data, aimed at delivering results.
once investigators shift from listening for pings emanating from the floor of the indian ocean to poring over its terrain, they will be drawing from a whole new set of tools.
put an ear to the ocean and listen carefully, but beware. the water may play tricks on you.
mixed messages are part of the investigation into the disappearance of flight 370. david mattingly reports.
bubba watson dons the green jacket for the second time after a three-shot victory.

after so many weary hours of searching, fatigue has yet to diminished hopes finding flight 370. matthew chance reports.
a wildfire ripped through a chilean city on sunday after killing at least four people and consuming more than 500 homes, officials said.
cnn's dr. sanjay gupta reports from conakry, guinea, amidst an ebola outbreak that has claimed dozens of lives.
augusta national golf club in georgia has played host to the masters since 1934.
filipino hero manny pacquiao scored a comprehensive 12-round points victory over timothy bradley to regain the wbo welterweight title he controversially lost to the previously unbeaten american two years ago.
from the british museum to the louvre, the world's leading museums house treasured artifacts and storied works of art. they may protect centuries of culture, but they don't want to be perceived as dusty relics themselves.
in recent days the good and the great of the watch and jewelry industry have descended on basel, switzerland for baselworld 2014—the biggest and most ballyhooed event on the industry calendar. running until april 3, the fair is expected to attract more than 150,000 visitors, who will ogle at the latest gadgets and admire glittering new designs.
shigeru ban, the 57-year-old winner of this year's pritzker prize -- arguably the world's most prestigious architecture award -- is the rumpelstiltskin of building design.
it's perhaps the most iconic scene in the most iconic hong kong movie of all time.
from a giant ice cube to a building shaped like a coin, it seems architects are increasingly drawn to buildings you can see straight through.
every spring halloween meets haute couture at the carnival of venice.
the word "motorcycle" often conjures up images of tattooed men wearing black leather jackets. not so in marrakech. the city's thriving bike culture includes plenty of women. with their polka dot veils and heart-shaped sunglasses, they're steering motorcycle fashion in their own direction.
on a breezy spring day in 1835, a 13-year-old boy from the jura region of eastern france set out for the glittering metropolis of paris to seek his fortune.
known as "sapeurs," these dapper dressers are part of a congolese subculture devoted to the cult of style.
myleene klass talks with fashion designer karl lagerfeld about his latest fashion style.
a two-legged chihuahua and a fluffy chicken have become best friends.
they're not always the most popular or conventional hotels. and that's exactly what lonely planet's going for with its inaugural picks for the world's best accommodations.
kenji croman has broken bones, dislocated his shoulder and elbow, endured concussions and nearly drowned several times.
when i first arrived in rwanda's capital in 2012, i deliberately did not visit the kigali genocide memorial. i wasn't sure what to expect, but i did not want that experience to influence how i approached the country and its people.
when ashley blackmon sat down for her job interview for a marketing position in new york city, she didn't start off by talking about the business classes she had taken in college or her experience working at a financial services company.
growing up, joshua paul hawkins didn't have many role models.
chinese president xi jinping's visit is more about closing business deals with european firms.
a senior bloomberg news journalist quit his role earlier this month, saying the "mishandling" by his bosses of a story critical of china was behind his departure, amid suggestions that the new york-based company is pushing a financial strategy for china that overshadows editorial autonomy.
a former mining tycoon accused of running a "mafia-style" gang to amass billions of dollars in personal wealth has gone on trial in china, facing charges including murder, state media reports.
over the past few days, the families of the 154 chinese passengers who were aboard malaysia airlines flight 370 have been oscillating between grief and visceral anger as the search for the plane carrying their loved ones continues.
the crew of a chinese plane searching for the missing malaysia airlines flight 370 has spotted "suspicious objects" in the southern indian ocean, china's official news agency xinhua reported monday.
